feat(vercel): allow defining ISR exclusions with regular expressions (#13211)
withastro/astro: .changeset/tiny-gifts-drum.md

---
'@astrojs/vercel': minor
---

> Add Support for Regular Expressions in ISR exclude list
> 
> Previously, excluding a page from ISR required explicitly listing it in `isr.exclude`. As websites grew larger, maintaining this list became increasingly difficult. Especially with multiple API routes and pages that needed server-side rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds support for regular expressions in ISR exclude list

Previously, excluding a page from ISR required explicitly listing it in `isr.exclude`. As websites grew larger, maintaining this list became increasingly difficult, especially for multiple API routes and pages that needed server-side rendering.
```
The last sentence wasn't a full sentence, so just connected it!

---
'@astrojs/vercel': minor
---

> Allow passing regular expressions to ISR exclude list

Author: Sure, will do!

> Allow passing regular expressions to ISR exclude list

Author: Done! Please review updated changeset.
